Vanessa lays it down Huck's perhaps
ratcheting things up a little bit we've
seen him play mostly small pots
minimizing his losses keeping things
under control that a little bit of a new
direction there out of the big blind
Queen eight suited for Huck he limps in
ace five for Vanessa and she'll raise to
75,000 to follow the leader
Huck calls Oh buck fifty up for grabs
Jace is for Vanessa Queens for Huck both
players catching a piece of the flops
and esse with the better of the two
hands she bets 75,000 Huck calls again
pot up to 300 grand now ten of Spades on
the turn check check
four of Hearts on the river
Vanessa bets a hundred thousand a lot of
players would have tried to move Vanessa
off her hand on the turn but not huh he
goes all-in he's gonna try to remove her
off on the river here representing a
flush if Vanessa calls him he'll be down
one oh I mean you definitely play like
you have a better hand than I do
what are you the limp with and then call
my raise
I mean King Jack I guess King Jack you
hit the gut shot maybe you called me
with two hearts on the flop all right
give you credit victory was just one
word away that word being called instead
huck Bluffs his way to the lead an error
in the russo underwriting department
they're given huck just a bit too
credit
welcome back to the national heads-up
Poker Championship presented by
godaddy.com thank you see inside the
Caesars Palace poker room Huck seed some
late calisthenics ollie
first period PE no I still have the
mental energy but I'm just tired of that
what does he have water in his ear
what's he doing our godaddy.com heads up
pocket cam shows us Vanessa's ninth ray
blinds at 15 and 30,000 she raises the
60,000 a seat for Huck
he calls Vanessa is being very
aggressive here you don't have to raise
every button 6 7 deuce on the flop Huck
checks as does Vanessa aces 4 seed he
checks
Vanessa drawing dead this is so slippery
by a hug he's gonna allows the Nessa to
represent the scare card the ace on the
turn after Vanessa bets 40 Huck calls 40
she hates seeing him call their
meaningless jack on the river check
check
hot goes to hot Vanessa's aggression has
got her in an early hole seed opening up
a commanding chip lead but for Vanessa
being short stack can actually be
considered a comfort zone it's actually
been part of my strategy is to let all
these opponents that I'm facing who are
significantly more accomplished than I
am in poker and they've been around a
lot longer kind of set the tone and
bully me around a little bit in the
beginning
I don't mind getting a little bit
shortstack I felt confident that as long
as the carts break out even I'd have a
chance to get those chips back and
utilize the image that I garnered by
playing pretty tight in the beginning
pretty much all my matches the league
goes back and forth a couple times and
then I kind of start to come on really
strong in the middle
if that's the case Craig everything
going according to plan she's got hunk
right where she wants him
phase one complete for Rousseau a tres
suited all she calls well takes a look
only at one card at the fore and he puts
Vanessa all in that is amazing Huckle
just ship his whole stack out there I
mean he add Vanessa covered having
looked at just one card and that card
was a four no less
why even look he has given her no credit
for limping with big hands a stray
it's so boring when he looks at both
that's not boring he puts Vanessa all in
again six Trey suited in Vanessa folds
puck playing with fire a little earlier
in this match than he did with Sammy and
now with nearly a three-to-one chip lead
he looks mild-mannered but don't let
that fool you pups even bring him pure
Heat
[Music]
I think I played against okie to go
definitely play it like you're the
better hand than I did I get a credit
[Music]
Huck has been adapting remarkably in his
past two matches Craig against Sammy
Farhad the gearshift came when he picked
up back-to-back threes started moving
all in here he got away with the bluff
representing the flush
Vaness has been limping the button and
he's been moving all in and he's doing
it again here with Queen deuce suited
Vanessa Fuld yet again everything going
right for Huck perfect timing and his
instincts dead on as well he likes my
style do like yourself Vanessa showing
signs of frustration that won't be lost
on Huck what's going on in you wanna
Queen Jack for Vanessa :
oh she goes all in horsey now you're
copying my style got one good one King
Jack suited for Huck he's gonna think
this one over Craig alright
he calls let the games begin
Huck loves this spot he's got Vanessa
dominated in great shape to win this pot
and the first match in our best of three
final here comes the flop ace nine five
Vanessa in dire straits she's a big dog
here hoping to hit a queen here's the
turn six of hearts on the turn just
three outs for Vanessa to double up and
stay alive in this first match see River
pairs the board
Huff's King twin
the final yeah that was the best hand I
thought like really I got those two ways
in the head watch what I can do so
whatever yes
I almost called you I had a king you
know how the King I was a good lay down
I made